[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending

* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)

### []() Apologies

* Norm Lawler (NL)

## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items

* DD and GP have discussed Flinders requirements with Grant and discussed functional requirements.

* GP: ReDBox build server is now available at [https://redbox-build.cqu.edu.au/](https://redbox-build.cqu.edu.au/)
* GP: A development server is now available

 * ReDBox: [http://redbox-dev.cqu.edu.au/redbox/default/home](http://redbox-dev.cqu.edu.au/redbox/default/home)
 * Mint: [http://redbox-dev.cqu.edu.au/mint/default/home](http://redbox-dev.cqu.edu.au/mint/default/home)


### []()Project Manager report

* Project page has been updated with deliverables, release plan and dates: [https://sites.google.com/site/redboxmint/governance/eif048](governance-eif048)

 * Action: GP to ensure that all Newcastle issues are in the issue list and being resolved (see Lead Developer report section)

 * Action: GP to follow-up with Dave about the geospatial issue

* eResearch Australasia 2011 Workshops:

 * Sandbox server is needed
 * Documentation pack to be developed


### []()Lead Developer report

* Report on status of work towards Newcastle's "First 30 Days" report

 * Action: GP to follow up on the following issues:

  * Mapping for RIF-CS Rights and Access Rights (http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/issues/detail?id=4)
  *  Additional RIF-CS mapping for Related Information (http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/issues/detail?id=13)


   * Action: VP to send GP latest RIF-CS mapping document
* A Backup/Migration document has been put together at [http://code.google.com/p/the-fascinator/wiki/BackupMigrationToolPlanning](http://code.google.com/p/the-fascinator/wiki/BackupMigrationToolPlanning)
* Greg's notes from discussion with VP and DD regarding Keys/Identifiers (to be resolved in Version 1.1):

 * Identifier will be separated from Location
 * See http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/issues/detail?id=18 for full details


### []()University of Newcastle report

* Another University has been speaking with VP to gain an understanding of where ReDBox is in terms of maturity and how it sits within Newcastle's data management environment.
* Unable to deploy ReDBox snapshots for testing

 * Action: GP to speak with Dave Huthnance


### []() ANDS report

* NN discussed the Newcastle Seeding the Commons DC17 project and its need to send data through to Newcastle ReDBox

 * Group discussed how this could be approached. Suggestion is that DC17 work with VP and the UoN Library and then bring DD and GP on-board to discuss possible ReDBox feature development and timelines


### []()QCIF report

* No items raised


### []() Community items

* No items raised


## []()Action Items