[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies

* none

## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items

* A [Governance ](governance)page was created and provides links to the various projects and meeting minutes
* Both eResearch Australasia workshops were accepted: [http://conference.eresearch.edu.au/workshops/](http://conference.eresearch.edu.au/workshops/)

### []()Project Manager report

* Releases 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3 have been plotted in the Pivotal Tracker site: [https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/316187](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/316187)

 * Update scripts will be developed as needed but update path is only from last release (i.e. 1.1 to 1.2 and not 1.1 to 1.3)

 * VP: DD to check various Newcastle reports to ensure bugs/issues are listed
* DD has been discussing ReDBox with another interested University

### []()Lead Developer report

* Working on wiki doco -

 * Form fields overview and mapping: [http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/wiki/FormFieldsCompleteList](http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/wiki/FormFieldsCompleteList)
 * Release notes: [http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/wiki/PreReleaseNotes](http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/wiki/PreReleaseNotes)

* Undertaking work to tidy up the Geonames distribution
* Planning to deploy an ORCA instance for testing


### []()University of Newcastle report

* Records are being published to the NLA but there are still some issues


### []() ANDS report

* Further funding possibilities are being made to metadata store projects (up to 2 years)


### []()QCIF report

* Looking at model for hosted service provision


### []() Community items

* DD and GP to discuss requirements from Flinders with Flinders project team member