[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending

* Simon Pockley (SP) (absent)

* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Amanda Nixon (AN)

### []() Apologies

* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items

* VP: Can QCIF announce support details via ANDS Partners/General lists & ReDBox for those that didn't attend

 * **NL: To action**

* DD: Extend 1.5 for testing and feedback

 * **VP: Will look at a URG around 1.5 and plug-ins.**

* DD: RC 1.5 in April for testing over April/May.

 * **Align announcement with URG model **




### []()Lead Developer report

* Much fun was had by all, meeting adjourned. Duration 5 mins
* Due to unforeseen circumstances many apologies for this meeting came in just prior and there were only two attendees.
* Meeting has been postponed. The next meeting will be after Easter and the release of v1.5 RC1. Vicki has drafted a document covering URG/UAT and the v1.5 release timelines. It will be circulated to the list soon.


### []()University of Newcastle report


### []() ANDS report


### []()QCIF report


### []() Community items


## []()Action Items