[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Amanda Nixon (AN)
* Simon Pockley (SP)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies



## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items

* DD to start preparing the EIF048 Final Report

 * SP has the template and is preparing for DD
* Support agreements from QCIF

 * NL waiting from response from QCIF CEO

### []()Project Manager report

* DD & VP attended Intersect round-table on May 25
* Second technical panel was well attended and people are starting to respond to the governance document
* QCIF (DD & NL) interviewing for developer role this week
* Working to tidy up web and server assets to aid sustainability
* DD suggesting to QCIF that Zendesk to be used for support: [https://qcif.zendesk.com/](https://qcif.zendesk.com/)

### []()Lead Developer report

* ReDBox 1.5 released

 * Institutional builds and demo archive released
 * Official post to follow
 * Happy with UAT process - worked well
 * ReDBox 1.5 achieves the AMS mandatory deliverables
* Working on documentation
* Last day is Thursday, May 31

### []()University of Newcastle report

* Prepping for 1.5 release
* Will start testing with NLA once NLA is ready

 * Organising access to Trove
* Presented at Intersect round-table
* Working on business requirements document for AMS

### []()Flinders University report


* Grant provided input into UAT
* Advertising for technical role

### []() ANDS report

* Not attending

### []()QCIF report

* Developing details regarding consulting options around ReDBox
* QCIF working on NeCTAR image

 * Not for production, testing only
 * Not an easy process - NeCTAR issues have slowed process down
 * NeCTAR fixing issue around upload
 * GP voiced concern that NeCTAR issues will reflect poorly on ReDBox
* LDAP plugin under development

 * NL to determine progress, developer to speak to GP

### []() Community items

* Intersect round table #3

 * Vivo rep attending (Simon Porter)
 * Broad discussion around collaboration
 * UoN & UWS presented a model for collaboration for community consideration

  * Looked at AMS deliverables and ReDBox community day feature list - then prioritised
 * Discussions around high-level topics related AMS
 * Groups at different points in AMS process
 * Need a national conversation
 * NL asked about ReDBox user group

  * Made up of reps from ReDBox committed organisations
  * Discuss feature funding and development paths (in-house, state-based, other)
  * VP: We need to transition to something

   * Needs to start with a communications focus (maybe fortnightly or monthly)
  * VP: Is this a governance model following from EIF048?

   * NL: Need to discuss issues, funding of features etc
   * NL: Post AMS - may be a different process
   * AN: Where does support model mix in?
  * VP: Need terms of reference

   * 1-pager re transition from EIF048
   * VP & AN to draft
   * Start with meeting structure similar to EIF048 meeting
  * GP: Technical panel governance model will interact with the user group

   * VP: Concerned that we don't get a disconnect between development and user requirements
   * DD: Clarified role of tech panel and user group
   * GP: Tech panel can help organise release dates
   * NL: QCIF can work to co-ordinate discussions. Features go through user group with assistance from tech group for implementation
   * DD to send VP & AN an overview of the tech panel
* eResearch Australasia 2012

 * DD: Interested in a metadata stores day during the workshop time

  * 1/2 day for entire community, 1/2 day for user (product) groups.

## []()Action Items