[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies



## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items

* eResearch Australasia (general):

 * Duncan met with a number of people regarding ReDBox and support options
 * Information about those receiving ANDS' metadata store funding became more widely known
 * There is confusion about ReDBox/Vivo/Tardis/etc options - clarity may be needed
* eResearch Australasia (ReDBox Workshops):

 * Thank you to Vicki, Kai, Peter, Greg and Dave for running a very well-received set of workshops
 * We had a good range of attendees

### []()Project Manager report

* eResearch 2011 is over but we're expecting a number of enquiries to start coming through post-conference and on the back of ANDS Metadata Store funding

 * The website was updated for a cleaner look and to provide easier access to the documentation.
 * The documentation has been expanded
* Duncan to work with Norm to produce support options through QCIF

### []()Lead Developer report

* v1.3 will be released tomorrow (15th November).

* Outline 1.4 planning and timelines:

 * Focus of v1.4 will be in backend and optimisations.

 * This week and next will be focused on documenting intended scope of works.
 * December will be spend on development for a New Year's release.


### []()University of Newcastle report

* v1.3 Upgrade work continuing. David's focus this week is on upgrading UoN Handle server(s).
* Metadata stores funding letter has been received by Office of Research.

 * Internal UoN discussions now taking place regarding this.


### []() ANDS report

* DD would like a copy of the Metadata Store funding requirements (if possible) => NN has sent this through via email.
* Metadata stores funding progressing quicky:

 * 22 Institutions received a letter: 10 responses to date, 4 acknowledgements of receipt; the others will be sent a reminder letter soon.
 * Well developed solutions with core deliverables covered are being asked to address desirables.
 * Technical product decisions expected in first few months of project (~ April 2012).
 * ANDS is providing documentation on scope and deliverables, as well as project templates.
 * One deliverable is to encourage implementations to migrate to NLA for Party records.

  * It was discussed that staff changes at NLA make it difficult to pin down who to talk to, and each implementer approaching NLA independently may generate confusion/annoyance for NLA staff.

   * NN proposed to organise some dialog involved both NLA and ANDS via teleconference.

   * GP will email NN some discussion points with any concerns from ReDBox side of things.




### []()QCIF report

* NL is working with Rob Cook to continue work on support contract offerings, particularly in response to feedback from discussions at eResearch Australasia.
* NL currently working on the support contract to UoN for DH's time now that ERA is over. 


### []() Community items

* No issues or action items, although some discussion over traffic on mailing list and possible outcomes of ERA.


## []()Action Items

* DD/GP to ensure that VP has access to create new feature requests in Pivotal Tracker.
* GP to email NN information on Party integration with NLA.
* NN to organise dialog with NLA.