[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)

### []() Apologies

* Norm Lawler (NL)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)

## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items

* Action: GP to ensure that all Newcastle issues are in the issue list and being resolved (see Lead Developer report section)

* Action: GP to follow-up with Dave about the geospatial issue
* Action: GP to follow up on the following issues:

 * Mapping for RIF-CS Rights and Access Rights (http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/issues/detail?id=4)
 *  Additional RIF-CS mapping for Related Information (http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/issues/detail?id=13)


  * Action: VP to send GP latest RIF-CS mapping document
* Unable to deploy ReDBox snapshots for testing

 * Action: GP to speak with Dave Huthnance

### []()Project Manager report

* No major issues at present
* Action: DD to get draft ANDS report ready for review in next meeting


### []()Lead Developer report

* Version 1.1 release pending


### []()University of Newcastle report


### []() ANDS report


### []()QCIF report


### []() Community items


## []()Action Items