[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies

* Vicki Picasso (VP)


## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* ANDS Project Plan draft to be distributed
* ANDS Progress Report to be distributed
* Need to start preparing for eResearch Australasia 2011
* Need to start planning for 1.4 & 1.5

 * [https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/316187](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/316187)

### []()Lead Developer report

* Report on 1.2 Release

### []()University of Newcastle report


### []() ANDS report

* Further metadata store project funding still in planning at ANDS

### []()QCIF report

* Norm, Duncan and Greg to meet to develop possible support model
* Question regarding funding to UoN for system admin funding

 * 0.1FTE position
 * Norm and QCIF discussing contract model
 * NN to check it's OK with ANDS

  * Should be OK if it meets project needs
* 


### []() Community items


## []()Action Items