[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)
* Amanda Nixon (AN)

### []() Apologies

* Vicki Picasso (VP)


## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items

* DD: Approached Colin Carati (Flinders) about representation on Project Reference Group

 * Welcome to Colin and Amanda Nixon (primary contact), who will share the role
* DD still working with QCIF about support options and models for handling funded development requests
* NN to check on [http://ands.org.au/resource/solutions.html](http://ands.org.au/resource/solutions.html)
* DD spoke with Peter Sefton and will continue the conversation
* DD - need to check if VP is accessing Pivotal Tracker

 * DD to send AN details of service
* GP followed up with the NLA (see Lead Developer Report)

### []()Project Manager report

* DD has prepared an outline regarding the ability of ReDBox to meet the ANDS Metadata Stores (AMS) deliverables

 * A proposed functional roadmap has been created at the base of the document

  * Do these meet expectations?
  * Need to agree on January work-plan
 * Clarity is sought between EIF048-funded work and AMS-funded development.

  * See previous minutes
 * See [https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1elXmWa1kJ1DGN_4Na6pOiIgvgKuxG3LfrPGJuIv7sK0](https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1elXmWa1kJ1DGN_4Na6pOiIgvgKuxG3LfrPGJuIv7sK0)

  * Action: DD to break up table according to possible funding source
  * Flinders interested in reporting/stats and LDAP functionality. AN commented that there needs to be further scoping around ethics and data management plan functionality.
 * Group agreed that the current priority items are:

  * Provision of RIF-CS 1.3 compliant metadata 
  * Provision of Service metadata 
  * Integration NLA ARDC-PIP 
  * DOI Integration 
  * Improved geospatial functionality
* Discussions regarding ReDBox-linked projects are occurring but details are not yet able to be made widely available
* Next meeting will be Jan 9

### []()Lead Developer report

* ReDBox 1.4 Progress

 * Feedback has been sought (and received) on RIF-CS 1.3
 * Working on RIF-CS ingest
* NLA discussions

 * Sticking point around manual record curation, awaiting response from NLA
 * NN: ANDS talking with NLA, NN awaiting update

### []()University of Newcastle report



## []()Flinders University report


* Wrapping up data capture project
* Planning for ANDS Metadata Stores project

### []() ANDS report

* ANDS Metadata Stores project submissions have started arriving

 * Software implementations should become clear in Feb, 2012
* Group discussed a ReDBox community day - maybe late February

 * ANDS will fund a portion of costs (TBD)
 * Discuss further next year

### []()QCIF report

* Looking at getting a ReDBox domain name
* Ongoing discussions around support
* Need to look at software governance framework to make sure that code matures in a stable fashion
* NL speaking with eRSA, VERSI and Intersect about AMS projects and ReDBox implementation/development. NL will continue providing assistance at this level.

### []() Community items


## []()Action Items