[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending

* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Amanda Nixon (AN)
* Simon Pockley (SP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies



## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* DD to submit final report to ANDS by June the 18th

 * DD to circulate to AN and VP for input/feedback
 * SP would like overview of ongoing model in report
* Technical panel 

 * Nomination email has gone out
* Group discussed role and authority of the user group and technical panel
* Developer position

 * Interviews have occurred
 * QCIF resolving process for making an offer

### []()Lead Developer report

* Greg has headed to Canberra

### []()University of Newcastle report


* Working through NLA testing

 * NLA EAC-CPF feed ready to go, waiting for harvest
 * SP to look into NLA time-frames
* Working through 1.5 UAT

### []()Flinders University report


* Having difficulties with hiring a technical person

 * DD indicated that this could be a broad issue
 * AN would prefer to have in-house skills but it may be difficult to get a position + person. May need to outsource.
 * NL indicated that the user group can be the central point for helping ensure timelines etc.
 * VP asked about governance in open source community

  * SP has been discussing this with colleagues
  * DD - Apache model good for technical use
  * Group discussed a few different model (ePrints, DuraCloud etc) but no great examples
 * Group discussed issues with staffing and possible delays in getting technical staff on-board

### []() ANDS report

* 


### []()QCIF report

* NL has emailed out SLA details to the PRG

### []() Community items

## []()