[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Amanda Nixon (AN)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies



## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* Version 1.4 has been released

 * [http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/wiki/ReleaseHistory](http://code.google.com/p/redbox-mint/wiki/ReleaseHistory) 
 * Institutional build configuration now available
 * RIF-CS ingest
* Feature roadmap was released to the mailing list

 * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OUBc5R1fRIK3Den_KVKcmN4As3vyfaM-CpPAmXS9aFM/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OUBc5R1fRIK3Den_KVKcmN4As3vyfaM-CpPAmXS9aFM/edit) 
* Work on version 1.5 is commencing:

 * See  [https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/316187](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/316187)
 * Slated end of March
 * Main features:

  * Provision of Service metadata
  * Integration NLA ARDC-PIP
  * Improved geospatial functionality
  * DOI Integration
* A ReDBox/Vivo demo is being prepared
* Need to start preparing for ReDBox community day
* QCIF have registered the redboxresearchdata.com.au domain name

 * DD to configure sub-domains (www, demo)
* Next ANDS milestone: Feb 18

 * DD to prepare progress report

### []()Lead Developer report

* Release information has gone to the mailing list

 * Some low priority work wasn't done under 1.4 but this shouldn't impact too much
 * Original NLA integration work was rolled over to 1.5

### []()University of Newcastle report


* Nothing to report yet
* USyd visiting
* Metadatastore proposal approved
* Upgrading to 1.3 at end of Jan

### []()Flinders University report


* Nothing to report yet
* Metadatastore proposal approved 
* Running: GP thinks it's 1.2 with modifications

### []() ANDS report

* ANDS is working with NLA to refine the PIP interactions

 * Meetings will discuss workflows, support, infrastructure
 * DD asked about identities from systems such as ORCID and VIAF

  * NN: To be discussed
* Metadata stores funding:

 * Most applications have gone through and approved
 * 6 going for ReDBox, a number of others are evaluating
 * 1 year contracts - starting Feb/March
* RIF-CS extensions:

 * Requests have been considered - most requests are vocab changes
 * Will be discussed in a month or so

### []()QCIF report

* Will start talking with ReDBox sites about support models

 * Working towards a sustainable resourcing model
 * VP: Is a date for finalising?

  * NL: Looking towards end of Jan
* VP: Have people contacted QCIF about AMS development?

 * NL: Some groups have talked about it but nothing solid yet
 * DD and GP have put together a draft governance model
 * VP: We need to determine stakeholder input into the product (user groups, PRG etc)

### []() Community items

* Community day

 * Length?

  * DD: 1 Day?
  * VP: Maybe longer?
  * AN: 1.5 days? Helps with scoping
  * AN: Suggests a draft agenda (Action item for DD)
 * Location:

  * NL: We could map out possible user-base and determine most central location
 * Costs:

  * ANDS can provide funding for venue costs
  * Participants to cover own travel expenses
 * Dates:

  * Early March being considered

## []()Action Items