[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Simon Pockley (SP) (absent)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies

* Amanda Nixon (AN)

## []()Minutes

### []()Project Manager report

* Community Day:

 * Seemed to be well received
 * VP: Can QCIF announce support details via ANDS Partners/General lists & ReDBox for those that didn't attend

  * NL: To action
 * VP: How do groups look to fund development work? Will support engagement start first?

  * NL: 

   * Work towards support contracts over the coming months.
   * Groups wishing to engage QCIF to develop features would fall under a project contract. People may go with other groups (e.g. VeRSI).
   * QCIF need to determine model for projects, contracts and consortia.
   * VP: A core set of functionality could be determined and funded by a consortia. Could this be funded through funds directed back via ANDS?
* 1.5 release planning

 * Group needs to discuss how to proceed with the 1.5 release
 * GP: Fortnightly development presentation to highlight changes
 * VP: Need to work with those institutions that have implemented
 * Discussion regarding community-based development

  * Need to set terms of reference
  * Members of a user reference group need to be active contributors.
 * VP: Need to consider release cycle and institutional ability to install and test
 * DD: Extend 1.5 for testing and feedback

  * GP: Release as a release candidate
  * NL: Leave at 1.5 with extra time for testing and bug fixes. Need to set release due date, pref by end of May.
  * VP: Authentication plugin (e.g. LDAP) is likely to be a common feature

   * DD: Can we release as a plug-in?
   * GP: Yes, release as a plug-in 
  * VP: Will look at a URG around 1.5 and plug-ins.
 * DD: RC 1.5 in April for testing over April/May.

  * Align announcement with URG model 

### []()Lead Developer report

* 


### []()University of Newcastle report


* 1.4 UAT has been occurring
* Prepared and delivered ReDBox workshop to community
* Working with the Newcastle Data Capture project

### []()Flinders University report


### []() ANDS report


### []()QCIF report


### []() Community items


## []()Action Items