[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Amanda Nixon (AN)
* Simon Pockley (SP)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)

### []() Apologies

* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

## []()Minutes

### []()Project Manager report

* The ReDBox Community Day arrangements are in full swing

 * There are 27 participants signed on, DD is chasing up a few others
 * Website:  [https://sites.google.com/site/redboxmint/governance/redbox-community-day](governance-redbox-community-days-ReDBox-Community-Day-1-2012)
 * DD to send out call for "Ideas Session" items
* ANDS Progress Report for EIF048 has been submitted to QCIF (Feb 17)

 * ANDS has received this
* Reminder of the EIF048 Roadmap: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OUBc5R1fRIK3Den_KVKcmN4As3vyfaM-CpPAmXS9aFM/edit

### []()Lead Developer report

* Working on form framework - needs refining/cleaning

 * Improving customisation options
 * Work will flow into other 1.5 features
* Developed demo systems

 * ReDBox + Vivo interaction
 * Public demo

### []()University of Newcastle report

* Vicki sent through an apology

### []()Flinders report


* Nothing to report, waiting AMS to start

### []() ANDS report

* Working on NLA integration assistance

 * Email has gone out to start discussion
 * Communication model being worked on
 * Developing use cases etc
 * NLA establishing a technical forum
 * GP: Send through NLA discussion
* AMS: 

 * Most contracts have gone out, working to get start dates established

### []()QCIF report

* Norm sent through an apology

### []() Community items

* DD sent out Service upload overview but no response

 * Will implement what we have for now and await further feedback.

## []()Action Items