[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)

### []() Apologies

* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* Request from Peter Sefton to update [http://ands.org.au/resource/solutions.html](http://ands.org.au/resource/solutions.html)

 * Superseded by ANDS project registry
 * NN to chase up ANDS
* Hearing that some ANDS-funded institutions may seek to co-operate on feature development

 * DD will speak to Peter Sefton to see how we can work collegiately. 
 * Collaboration between institution can be across software and processes - need to monitor and help where can.
* DD to check on VP's access to Pivotal Tracker
* ANDS V7 software

 * ABS Vocab - DD to follow up
* Question from VP: What is the overlap between EIF048 and the new ANDS Metadata Stores project?

 * NLA integration discussed

  * Questions around processes at the NLA side
 * Description of activities also needs clarifying

  * ANDS's ARC and NHMRC PURLS and sustainability
  * Also FOR/SEO codes
 * DD mentioned DOI minting may be other functionality
 * DD mentioned a need make sure Metadata Store project expectations are reasonable 

  * NN: Need to manage risk and ensure implementers are aware of functionality; Project management plan due in April so there is time for groups to speak to ReDBox team.
  * Discussed scope of EIF048

   * NN: Focus on scope, extra work may require other arrangements
   * DD: All EIF048 features go through board
   * VP: Would like ANDS to take into account overlaps between Metadata Store project requirements

    * DD: Need to get a good understanding of NLA roadmap so that we can determine functionality
    * NN: Need to wait for a week to get a clearer picture
   * DD: RIF-CS 1.3 is likely to be in scope
 * DD to speak QCIF about extra development work options.
* EIF048 Deliverable 1 (inc project management plan)

 * NN: Project assessors raised concerns around test regime and number of institutions

  * Issue was waived by relevant ANDS staff
  * Plan and deliverable accepted
  * DD has indicated that software releases will slow in 2012, this will aid in testing
* Project board membership

 * NN: ANDS may know more about potential future ReDBox implementations with the project submissions.
 * VP: Happy for reps coming from institutions with production instance
 * DD to speak to Flinders. (Colin Carati)

### []()Lead Developer report

* Email sent to NN regarding NLA integration; NN following up
* Putting together 1.4 scope for review

### []()University of Newcastle report

* Started looking at 1.3 upgrade
* Macquarie rep visiting ReDBox

 * VP will demo to Woollongong, Macquarie, Sydney
* UoN happy to collaborate with others on ReDBox work, including identifiers

### []() ANDS report

* State-based briefings about Metadata stores have occurred (SA, NSW)

 * Melbourne briefing on Tuesday
 * Brisbane on Thursday (Simon)
 * Drafts due Dec 5-9 - broad outlines
* Collaborations around software is reasonable

 * Vivo community day - mid Feb, attached to VALA

### []()QCIF report

* NL absent
* DD to chase up Newcastle sub-contract
* Still looking at support

 * VP: People need info for their proposal. DD will take to QCIF.

### []() Community items


## []()Action Items