[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Amanda Nixon (AN)

* Simon Pockley (SP)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies



## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* DD to start preparing the EIF048 Final Report

 * SP has the template and is preparing for DD

* SP is developing a list of the various AMS projects' software selection

 * A [ReDBox Users](users) page has been established to provide a listing of users

* DD has been seeking out helpdesk software for the ReDBox support work
* A call has been sent out for the first meeting around a technical panel

* Applications for the developer role close at the end of this week.


### []()Lead Developer report

* 1.5 RC2 released and demo'd

 * As follow-up, DD sent an email regarding citations (https://groups.google.com/d/topic/redbox-repo/cdPOObZKEM8/discussion)
 * Need help text assistance, especially around the map UI

* DD and GP developing a documentation task list
* Work is starting on the LDAP plugin - via QCIF


### []()University of Newcastle report

* ReDBox 1.4 is now in production

 * Upgrade from 1.1
 * Need to feed through additional records to ANDS
* Worked through RC1 UAT and about to start with RC2 UAT
* Meeting with UWS team to discuss development
* Preparing user guide and UAT template
* Discussion regarding citation field

 * VP asked SP about citing data that isn't available 


  * SP to investigate
  * AN drew a parallel to publications that aren't available

### []()Flinders University report

* Technical PD has been approved

 * AN is excited, position will be advertised soon
* Participate in RC1 UAT and will join RC2 UAT


### []() ANDS report

* SP has prepared a draft overview of AMS software selection

 * Will email to ANDS Partners list when ready
* RC1 UAT feedback related to NLA and RIF-CS are being taken on board

 * NLA: Investigating what happens when NLA IDs take over from Party records
 * GP: Currently developing upgrade script and will email through his planning around this.

  * DD: can we get a round-table together? SP to facilitate with Amir (ANDS).

* Preparing for reviews of AMS project plans
* VP: Can those that selected ReDBox be surveyed for their development plans (QCIF, in-house, state e-research team etc)

 * SP will look to get names together
* NLA TIM training material is being developed

 * SP will also provide a link to the NLA's matching strategy


### []()QCIF report

* Discussions with Intersect (Joe and Peter) regarding AMS round-table and ReDBox development

 * Feature set outlined during community day needs to be progressed
 * Need to ID a core group of Unis to lead the scoping of each feature
 * Development could be done by QCIF, in-house, Intersect, VeRSI etc

  * Helps build community knowledge around development
 * Intersect to setup another conference call
* NL working through legal aspects of QCIF support offering (SLA etc).

 * SP: There's a lot of interest in costs etc
* NL and SP congratulated GP on making sure that the system is easy to install

### []() Community items


## []()Action Items