[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending

* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Norm Lawler (NL)

### []() Apologies

* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)

## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* Duncan was on leave Oct 24-28
* Current priority is getting together the eRA workshop items
* No feedback yet from ANDS regarding project plan

### []()Lead Developer report

* Work is ongoing with the 1.3 release

 * Scheduled for the end of this week
 * Fedora work is complete

  * Test between Greg's laptop and NovaDev3 has occurred 
 * Working on XML ingest
* Sandbox server is being built to ready for eRA (eResearch Australasia)

 * Will run version 1.3
* GP to action

 * Status of https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/17452173

### []()University of Newcastle report

* Working on ReDBox 1.2 upgrade

 * Been a fair bit of work - didn't expect to have to have to re-ingest data

  * Mint migration wasn't easy.
 * Working on Nova upgrade
 * Will wait for 1.3 for production release to interact with Vital's Fedora 3 storage
 * Hoping to finish by end of week (best-case scenario)
* Working with Central IT to formalise ReDBox as a Newcastle system
* Training sessions being held for faculty librarians
* Working on the eRA workshop

### []() ANDS report

* NN absent

### []()QCIF report

* Need to focus on ReDBox support options
* Norm is working on the UoN SysAdmin funding arrangements

 * Need to establish a QCIF-UoN Consultancy contract
 * NL to email DD/VP an overview

### []()eResearch Australasia


* Sandbox will run 1.3

 * This will be the focus for the second workshop
* Vicki will use UoN 1.1 for the first workshop

### []() Community items


## []()Action Items