[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending


* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)
* Norm Lawler (NL) - Absent

### []() Apologies



## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* ANDS Project Plan and Progress report submitted to QCIF

 * ANDS has received it
* ReDBox ingest method work has started - quick demo
* eResearch Australasia Workshop (ReDBox technical primer) preparation in full swing:

 * Program: [https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1UaVgiusAC_MDO3czb24S_nnF4AvG7sKoK1ZZ6YG7CC4](https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1UaVgiusAC_MDO3czb24S_nnF4AvG7sKoK1ZZ6YG7CC4)
* Question: Should we continue with fortnightly meetings?

 * Agreed to continue with fortnightly

### []()Lead Developer report

* 1.2 has been released

 * Contains new curation process
 * Lots of doco has gone out through the mailing list
* Work has started on 1.3

 * Starting with Fedora 3 work
 * Fedora community is not very responsive; Maven artefacts aren't published

  * We'll focus on Fedora 3.3.1 Server to meet Vital release
  * Fedora 3.5 client library is the current one - need to test it works with all 3.3 - 3.5 releases
 * VP: UoN Vital upgrade project completes at the end of Oct.

### []()University of Newcastle report

* Mint 1.2 release upgrade has been causing problems

 * Can't see OAI harvest as yet
 * Data migration is causing headaches
 * GP: asked if Dave is building from SVN rather than using the ZIPs?

  * Not sure
 * GP and Dave (UoN) are working together to resolve issues

  * Some issues around demo data
* VP asked about how Mint records are edited

 * GP: Easiest way to edit Mint records is to change the ingest file and reharvest
* Working on eResearch Workshop
* UoN team reading through doco for 1.2 Curation

 * GP asked if there was a need for more user-focussed doco

  * DD mentioned presentation in technical workshop as a possible intro

### []() ANDS report

* Response regarding UoN sub-contract work is being investigated by Legal (Monash)
* Metadata store project model has been approved

 * Looking into methods for roll-out
 * Working through functional and institutional requirements for fulfilment
 * Details to come - wait for eResearch Conference

### []()QCIF report

* QCIF are developing a support framework for discussion.

 * Internal QCIF discussion at present

### []() Community items

* VP will be sending an email out to CAIRSS regarding UoN Research Data Management work

## []()Action Items