[[_TOC_]]


## []()Attending

* Duncan Dickinson (DD)
* Vicki Picasso (VP)
* Nick Nicholas (NN)
* Greg Pendlebury (GP)

### []() Apologies

* Norm Lawler (NL)

## []()Minutes

### []()Review of last meeting's minutes and action items


### []()Project Manager report

* No issues to report
* DD working on ANDS project plan and progress report
* DD and GP spoke with Frans Henskens team (Newcastle) about their project and interoperability with ReDBox

 * All went well. Frans and Vicki will need to discuss configuration and infrastructure.

### []()Lead Developer report

* Working on 1.2. Should be available for public testing on Monday next week.

 * Overhaul on forms
 * Documentation is available on the developer wiki
 * Sent out post on identities over a curation boundary to news group

### []()University of Newcastle report

* VP: Met with Kim Nolan on Frans' team at UoN
* VP: Had contact from Macquarie Uni for a teleconference and demo
* Having technical issues with data management toolkit

 * Issue fixed
 * Extra resources to be added
* ReDBox 1.1 testing has gone well

 * GP raised issue of cross-browser concerns, limited by resources

  * Testing on IE 8, Firefox 3, Chrome and Safari on Windows
* VP asked GP to confirm that Version 1.3 will be ready by the end of October

 * GP confirmed but will advise of any slippage.

### []() ANDS report

* Metadata stores extension project still being formulated

### []()QCIF report


### []() Community items

* Alerts from upstream systems

 * Group happy with concept - start planning
* Identity working paper

 * DD will send out draft for comment (when people have time)
* ABS Field of Research codes

 * UQ, ReDBox and Griffith staff are working on a solution (using free systems)
* VP asked about PURLs for activity records (ARC, NHMRC)

 * NN: Will be part of next ANDS system release - communication will come soon.
 * NN: Naming scheme for PURLs hasn't changed
 * DD: 1.2 of Mint will be able to use these PURLs as part of the distribution

## []()Action Items